I am.
On through the dawn, through the night, give me all beauty.
I take my hand, precious Lord.
Lead me on and lead me on and lead me on and lead me on
I am so tight, I am so weak, I am far.
Oh, lead to the storm, and lose your night, and lead your child on me to his life, and lift my hand.
Praise the Lord, lead me on.
Lord, you laid my hand, and lead me on, and let me dance.
I am so tired, I am weak, I am hard.
Oh, lead to the strong, and lead to life, and lead your child on, to lead to life, and take my hand.
Pray to the Lord, lead me on.
The darkness appears, and the night closes.
When my light is almost fine.
Oh, let the river make I dance.
Light my feet off and hold my hand and lift my hand.
Pray to the Lord, lead me on.
Pray to the Lord, lift my hand and lead me on and let me dance.
I am so tight, I am so big, I am far.
Oh, lead through the storm, and do this life.
And lead your child on to this life.
I want you to take my hand.
Great Lord, lead me home.